release: v1.52.0 (#5719)
apollographql/router: .changesets/maint_bnjjj_entity_cache_versioning.md

> ### Add version in the entity cache hash ([PR #5701](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5701))
> 
> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you have enabled [entity caching](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/entity-caching), this release changes the hashing algorithm used for the cache keys.  On account of this, you should anticipate additional cache regeneration cost when updating between these versions while the new hashing algorithm comes into service.

Reviewer: @bnjjj - please review the edited changeset

```suggestion
### Add version in the entity cache hash ([PR #5701](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5701))

The hashing algorithm of the router's entity cache has been updated to include the entity cache version.

[!IMPORTANT]
If you have previously enabled [entity caching](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/entity-caching), you should expect additional cache regeneration costs when updating to this version of the router while the new hashing algorithm comes into service.
```
